Clean up err codes (#68247)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0195.md

> A method's lifetime parameters do not match the trait declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lifetime parameters of the method do not match the trait declaration
```
